Add all remaining sections to ITT monthly report (#8763)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: docs/bigquery_and_reports.md

## BigQuery and reports

This documents explain briefly the relationship between BigQuery and our
reports.

## BigQuery credentials

Ask Data insights team for access and credentials to access the BigQuery in
Apply.

## ITT monthly report

> We generate the ITT monthly report by making queries to big query and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generate the ITT monthly report by making queries to BigQuery and
```

Author: Done!

> then generate a JSON compiling the big query responses into a single structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then generate a JSON compiling the BigQuery responses into a single structure.
```

Author: Done

In order to see the JSON that is generated from BigQuery:

```ruby
  Publications::ITTMonthlyReportGenerator.new.to_h
```

> In case any day the report fails for generate (e.g BigQuery is timing out, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case any day the report fails to generate (e.g BigQuery is timing out, etc)
```

Author: Done

you can generate the JSON again by passing a generation and publication date.

> The code will calculate the last sunday from the generation date and consider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code will calculate the last Sunday from the generation date and consider
```

Author: Done

that the cycle week that this data will consider in the report:

```ruby
  Publications::ITTMonthlyReportGenerator.new(
    generation_date: 1.day.ago,
    publication_date: 6.days.from_now,
  ).to_h
```

> In order to know all the queries we make to big query for this report,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to know all the queries we make to BigQuery for this report,
```

Author: Done

you can run the command in rails console:

```ruby
  Publications::ITTMonthlyReportGenerator.new.explain

> ```

Author: I am terrible at documentation as you can see. Please give suggestions of better phrasing. 🙏

Reviewer: You're not bad :smiley:
